[{"URL_ID": "blackassign0007", "article_content": "Cybercrime is the most discussed problem in the twenty-first century. The usage of cell phones and the internet is increasing dramatically over the world, which is generating questions about consumers’ security and privacy. Because of this, all users must understand cybercrime and security. Cybercrime is defined as organised criminal conduct carried out by attackers online. Cybercrime comes in numerous forms, such as fraud, computer viruses, cyberstalking, and others. Due to these, businesses and government organisations are spending more on maintaining and employing professionals in cybercrime.7 Cyber security keywords: –1- Artificial IntelligenceAI has been around for quite a while now and one of its most memorable advancements was the Go game between ‘AlphaGo’, a computer Go program developed by Google DeepMind, and the world champion Lee Se-dol. AlphaGo was able to use its collected data to achieve its goal. The so-called ‘weak AI’ used on AlphaGo is also applied to various fields within cyber security.2. RansomwareOver the past years, ransomware has been aiming at innumerable targets. However, its new method of attack now aims at specific targets, where companies, communities, and public institutions are at risk. Companies with strong financial powers are most likely to be their targets as the attackers will be rewarded huge sums of money for their success. Those providing Infra and Database storage, local government and healthcare organizations, are listed as the main targets of ransomware attacks.3. Supply Chain AttackA supply chain attack is a cyber-attack that affects the organization by targeting less-secure elements in the supply network. Supply Chain attacks were already on the list of the 7 Cybersecurity keywords last year, and still manage to maintain their place. Such attacks will continue to infiltrate the supply chain through third-party systems and services. Therefore, due to its weak security systems, those purchasing third-party vendor products and services must take extra caution.4. CloudThe interest in Cloud Security is on the rise. However, it is pointed out that Cloud computing’s largest vulnerability is the operator’s configuration error. More complex and flexible Cloud systems will eventually lead to a greater number of errors and reveal itself as a target for many cyber attackers.5. Malicious emailsReceiving emails containing malware is not a new thing anymore. The Financial Security Institute warns us how malware email attacks are becoming more cunning and harder to block. Spear Phishing, a traditional method of attack that uses HWP and DOC documents, will not stop this year.6. Internet of Things (IoT)Building castles in the air was the perfect phrase to describe how IoT was perceived. However, IoT has now become a part of our lives. People can now watch YouTube on their refrigerators and gas valves can be closed by using Smartphone applications. Many are experiencing an easier lifestyle but are also suffering from many cyber threats.7. DarkwebDue to several incidents, Darkweb, which was only known to cyber attackers and security professionals, is now well-known to the public. For example, Warez and Webhard are the two programs in which Netizens in Korea can improve their networking skills but also leads them to be involved in distributing illegal programs and even in cybercrime.There are million and billions of users and websites in the vast community known as cyberspace. People utilise it for a variety of activities including e-commerce, transactions, shopping, movies, music, and video games. Anyone can simply access anything online in the current technological era owing to an accessible internet connection. As a result, crime in general and cybercrime, in particular, have surged dramatically. Additionally, the faster internet connection has greatly boosted the rate of data circulation. All of these problems are responsible for why cyber security has grown to be a significant issue for society.The government has created several cybercrime-related laws to curb the spread of crime and to protect people’s interests. These laws also provide a defence against cybercrime. Aside from that, the government has established cyber cells in police stations to combat cybercrime as quickly as possible.Cybercrime is an attack that can be harmful to both an individual and a business. There have been several instances where a Cyber Attack led to a data leak that caused a significant loss for a business or a person. These cyber-attacks could have negative effects on the country and the business. The countless instances of cyberattacks that have taken place in India and other nations have necessitated increased security measures. There are four main categories of cybercrime, according to a popular definition—hacking, money, privacy, and cyber-terrorism.Cybercrime is a type of crime in which illegal activities are carried out online or using computers. Cybercrime comes in a variety of forms which involves harassing online users. Cybercrime is the most serious and rapidly expanding type of crime in this day and age. Any person’s life may be negatively impacted for a very long time by becoming a cyber victim. Cybercrimes have a wide range of repercussions on financial and investment activity in digital organisations.One typical tactic used by criminals is to lure online users in by creating attractive websites and sending phoney emails purporting to be from banks or other organisations and asking for personal information. It makes it easier for criminals to access a person’s bank account and personal data. Due to viruses, mail fraud, account hacking, and software piracy, people have been victims of cybercrimes. They also run into problems with unauthorised access mailing, threats from pornographic emails, and video transmission.Types of Cyber CrimeCyberstalking | It is the use of electronic communication to track down a person or to make repeated attempts to get in touch with them to foster personal interaction despite their blatant lack of interest. Anyone who monitors the internet, email, or any other form of electronic communication is guilty of stalking.Phishing | It is a sort of fraud that includes collecting personal data from recipients of emails that seem to be coming from a reliable source, including Customer ID, IPIN, Credit/Debit Card number, Card expiration date, CVV number, etc.Vishing | It is an attempt when criminals attempt to obtain personal information over the phone, such as Customer ID, Net Banking password, ATM PIN, OTP, Card expiration date, CVV, etc.Smishing | It is a sort of fraud that employs text messages sent to mobile devices to entice victims into dialling a fake phone number, going to a fake website, or downloading harmful software Impersonation And Identity Theft | This includes the dishonest or fraudulent use of another person’s electronic signature, password, or other distinctive identification trait.Virus, Worms, Trojan | A computer virus is a program designed to infiltrate your computer, corrupt your files and data, and spread itself. Worms are malicious software applications that repeatedly duplicate themselves on local drives, network shares, etc. A Trojan is a malicious program that mimics a legitimate application. Trojans offer unauthorised people and applications access to your computer through a backdoor entry, allowing them to steal sensitive data.How to Prevent Cyber CrimeBack up every piece of information—data, systems, and considerations—to make it easier for businesses to recover from unforeseen events with the help of prior data.Pick a firewall that offers protection from viruses, malware, and dishonest hackers.Never divulge private information to a stranger since they might exploit it for fraud.To avoid cybercrime, check your security settings—to determine if someone has logged into your computer, a cyber firewall analyses your network settings.Antivirus software aids in identifying potential threats and malware before they infect a computer system. Never use software that has been cracked since it poses a serious risk of data loss or malware attack.Keep your information protected when accessing untrusted websites—information can readily bypass the data through phishing websites.Blackcoffer Insights 47: Vedant Chaudhari, R. C. Patel Institute of Technology Shirpur"},
{"URL_ID": "blackassign0049", "article_content": "The Covid- 19 pandemics forced factories to shut down, flights getting canceled and a massive decrease in the global economy, with a significant decrease in Green House Gases (GHG) in many developed and developing countries.The SARS- CoV2 came into the spotlight in December 2019 and has impacted most of the countries till then. Nearly 131 million peoples were infected worldwide and resulting in deaths of around 2.9 Million according to World Health Organisation (WHO). Most of the countries dealt with the new virus by imposing strict lockdowns and social distancing to control the spread of the virus. These policies caused adverse effects worldwide. One of the most important impacts of the Covid-19 Pandemic is on the environment.There have been few positive impacts on the environment due to lockdown like, air pollution has decreased dramatically, as people were asked to stay in their houses due to the lockdowns. There has also been a sharp decline in environmental noise. Environmental noise can be well defined as the unwanted or harmful outdoor sounds caused by human activities like noise emitted by road traffics, air traffics, rail traffics, and industrial activities. It is one of the most important challenges in the modern era as noise pollution can cause adverse effects on humans as well as harm many animals too. The imposition of lockdown and quarantine by various nation’s governments has caused people to remain back at their homes. Because of this, the movement of people from one place to a different place has reduced significantly and the use of personal and public transport has also decreased. Due to all these changes, the environmental noise generated in most of the cities has dropped substantially.Water Pollution at beaches have reduced significantly and many animals were spotted back in the cities, but the covid-19 virus has also generated many negative and indirect effect on the environment.To begin with, some of the developed countries have halted their sustainability program during the pandemic. In the United States and in many other European nation-States, waste recycling plants have been suspended in many municipalities and cities due to the concern of the virus getting spread at the recycling centers. This has resulted in an increase in the use of single-use plastic bags instead of the re-usable bags by many leading restaurants, firms, and corporations. For instance, Starbucks, a leading coffee company during the month of March 2020, has announced a short-lived ban on the utilization of recyclable and reusable cups.Furthermore, with most of the people staying indoors because of the lockdown majority of the department stores, shops, restaurants, and food outlets are closed, making an online purchase and food delivery are quite high. This has created more consumption and demand for fossil fuels due to the transportation and mobility of these goods to each individual. There has been an enormous upsurge of medical waste- because most of the products employed by healthcare professionals are usually single-use items that can be used only once before they are disposed of. Some of these wastes include used masks, personal protection kits, and gloves. For instance, nearly 200 tons of medical waste were generated during the peak of the pandemic breakout in Wuhan, China. This is 50 tones more than the average waste generated before the outbreak in Wuhan.These organic and inorganic wastes generated due to the policies crafted by the government takes a heavy toll on the environment and can cause environmental issues like water pollution, air pollution, soil erosion, and can harm the local flora and fauna.The demand for masks during the pandemic has become skyrocketing but the materials required for the production of these masks are highly dangerous for the environment as they are generally composed of non-woven fabrics. Polyester, Polystyrene, polyethylene, and polycarbonate, are some common materials used for the surgical mask with density lying between 20grams to 25 grams/sq. meter. These materials are mostly resistant to liquids and are plastic-based products with a really high afterlife after being discarded. If not treated properly without discarding, they end up filling the landfills and the oceans making it dangerous to aquatic lifeforms. For example, recently the environment in Hong Kong has started degrading drastically during the pandemic with the accumulation of these clinical wastes.With recycling plants on hold, piles of small mountains of wastes and their depositions at open areas are formed due to the increasing number of unrecycled wastes generated every day. This makes the surrounding more vulnerable and also creating a high risk of air pollutions as the dumped open wastes decays into Methane (CH4), a greenhouse gas, hence increasing the risk of global warming too.  Not only the surroundings are getting affected by these careless methods, but the local people are also getting affected. If the excess methane gets accumulated in the Earth’s atmosphere due to piles of unrecycled wastes, this could result in increases in Earth’s average temperature and can be harmful to future generations.Many protected and endangered flora and fauna are facing much greater risks due to the imposition of the lockdown. Many countries under lockdown have made people stay inside their homes. The employees, NGOs, and volunteers working in these protected areas like National Parks, Marine Conservation Zones, and wildlife sanctuaries are made to stay at home making these protected and endangered flora and fauna unattended. This has also led to an increase in many illegal activities like wildlife hunting, illegal deforestation, and fishing activities due to the absence of these people. The prohibition of eco-tourism has also led to a significant financial drop in the economy of these protected areas.Some nations like China have asked the local authorities and native government bodies to increase the amount of disinfection routine, mainly to increase the dosage of chlorine in the wastewater treatment plant to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 virus. However, according to WHO (2020), no solid evidence has been found on the survival of the virus on the lifespan of the virus in wastewater as well as in drinking water. Despite the fact that excessive amounts of chlorine in water can cause harmful problems and issues associated with people’s health like bladder cancer and it also damages its cells. The COVID-19 is a reminder that the health of the planet is also linked to the health of humans. Evidence proves that the virus is zoonotic, meaning it can be transmitted between people and animals. They are accountable for seventy-five percent of all emerging infectious diseases in the World. With the Virus infecting millions of people every day across the globe, Various governments and agencies’ top priority is to regulate the spread of the virus by shifting the spotlight on the management and treatment of wastes (especially the clinical and medical waste).  Likewise, at the same time, we as responsible individuals need to step up and follow the necessary guideline and precautions for the disposal of the waste and medical gears.In Spite of various data showing that the pollutions have reduced significantly during the pandemic, History has witnessed a rise in pollution during any “post-financial crisis”.  A similar case was observed during the 2008 financial crash – although there was a temporary decrease in emissions of 1.3% was observed, but as the economy recovered in 2010, emissions were at an all-time high. After all, only through sheer mutual empathy and goodwill that the world will emerge stronger after this global pandemic. To prevent future outbreaks, we must address regularly the threats to the ecosystems and wildlife, including habitat loss, illegal trade, pollution, and climate change as human life depends on Earth’s life.If you live near a spacious outdoor area, like the desert or an empty road lined with trees and you realize it’s the only safe, surface-less space to take a walk in, then you begin to realize the beauty of nature. The point is not to remain indoors, but to avoid being in close contact with others. When you do leave your home, whether it is for a walk in the desert or a run on your street, make sure to wipe down any surfaces you come into contact with, avoid touching your face, and frequently wash your hands.Blackcoffer Insights 27: Saujanya Roy, Indian Maritime University, Kolkata"}
]